all right spoke time we went through
teleporters this one spell time we went
through them now there's two parts so
there are way points which that's where
you teleport to so you have to go to the
place first then make a waypoint
and then make the teleport so I'll go
ahead and make the Waypoint here now it
looks like it's similar to Noah but
there's a big mineshaft over there oh
yeah so three I think this is a 5 by 5
square by the way like that
then put it in the car now it has to be
cobblestone now at least I think it's
gonna be cobblestone so it's like that
and it's like a hospital time with a
block in the middle now so people don't
teleport to your Waypoint you get to use
signature blocks so
sorry that's that's mud right anyway so
yes signatures and this is basically a
combination of blocks so I'm just gonna
go ahead and stick those in that
direction and eat
so that's East so that's East and West
this one's East that one's West and then
there's that these so here which is
north and south so for this I'll put
sand in so that's my signature now I
hope it's not taking I'll right click on
the middle block yep that's it Waypoint
accepted and your opening has been
clinic created in the public of the no
idea what that says and the Waypoint
signature is no longer needed so we'll
keep that in our head there we'll just
say that sand is north we'll just say
that
and I'm removing this so that people
don't copy my signature and they can
teleport here because this is very
secret place so yeah that's that done
now I'll just go to spawn now let's
dream craft if you haven't I heard you
noticed and you should come and blow
this off well I'll just go here on the
ice which is mine I'm not trespassing
but some stolen almost no nice not cool
the ice and so that's the Waypoint now
we're going to build the teleporter and
this is a five by five square again two
three four five leave the gap one two
three four five like that then one block
in and then in the middle leave that
blank so it's like that and then put
spikes on it so it's like that
hang on it's just like that now if you
wondering how I'm doing that I'm
pressing f1 so now we need to put our
signature box in and if I type compass
I'm facing north and we said that Sun
does not so we'll put that in north and
south and we'll fill the rest in Inwood
because that's our signature and we'll
put a cobblestone block in the middle
and we'll right-click it and nothing's
happening oh hang on I don't want to
watch your tails blood
all right so I'll try oh there you go
you do it without a block in the middle
teleport accepted my new link has been
established so for right-click in the
middle again it teleport me to the
Waypoint were made and that is our cell
port